User Story / Gameplay
Describe the gameplay
    users will bat a ball back and forth while trying to block it from going past themselves and earn 15 points to win with a timer
What are the conditions when the game begins?
    The ball will start in the middle and randomly get tossed to one side.
Does the game have an end? If so, what are the conditions for when it ends?
    whenever one player reaches 15, but they have to be 2 points ahead (like in volleyball)
What ifs will there be?
    if paddle exceeds board height or min stop paddle, if ball is hit with board it bounces, if ball goes off left or goes off right a person gets a point, if it hits top or bottom it bounces, if score is 15 game over, if timer hits 0 game over and winner announced
Visual Game Components:
What are the visual game components? For example, in Bouncing Box, the game components were the board and the box.
middle line, score, timer, two paddles or boars for the player, and a ball
Which will be static? (the board)
    the borders
Which will be animated? (the box)
    the ball and the paddles that hit the ball controlled by the players
What data will you need to manage each game component? For example, in Bouncing Box, the data values were positionX, speedX, and points.
score(amount to win, current amount), balls( speedx, speedy, width, height, positionx, positiony), paddle(positionx, positiony, speedy, width, height)
Events / Logic
What events will occur in this game? (timer events, keyboard events, clicking events?)
    w(left paddle up), s(left paddle down), ^(right paddle up), down arrow(right paddle down)
How do those events affect the data of the program?
    they change the current varaible of the timer and score and position of the objects
For each "event", write out the high-level logic of what will happen. It is better (and tricky) to be as specific as you can while remaining high-level!
    when w or s is pressed the paddle will move up or down
    when ball hits paddle it goes in the opposite direction
    when balll leaves area point is awarded
    when score is reached game ends
    when timer is done game ends
For example: in bouncing box, when the box is clicked:

The speed is increased
The point total goes up by 1 and is displayed on the box
The position of the box is reset to 0